README.md, before:

# Text Editor

## Project Description
A simple text editor designed for productive work with basic formatting options.

## Features
- open file, save file, etc
- Basic text formatting
- Undo/Redo
- Text alignment
- Potential future enhancements (email sending, translations, etc.)

## Installation
**Tested only on Windows (IDE: VS Code, PyCharm)**
1. Clone the repository:
    ```
    git clone https://github.com/Jin-Mach/InternetSpeedTest.git
    ```

2. Navigate to the project directory:
    ```
    cd TextEditor
    ```

3. Create a virtual environment:
    ```
    python -m venv .venv
    ```

4. Activate the virtual environment:

   - On Windows (Command Prompt):
     ```
     .venv\Scripts\activate
     ```
   - On Windows (PowerShell):
     ```
     .venv\Scripts\activate.ps1
     ```
   - On macOS/Linux:
     ```
     source .venv/bin/activate
     ```

5. Install the required packages:
    ```
    pip install -r requirements.txt
    ```

## Usage
To run the application, execute the following command:
    ```
    python text_editor.py
    ```

## License
This project is licensed under the MIT License.

## Credits
Icons used in this project are sourced from Icons8.

- Application icon
- Text editing icon
- Undo icon
- Alignment icon
For more icons, visit: (https://icons8.com/).

## Contact
If you have any questions or feedback,
feel free to reach out to me on my GitHub profile: [Jin-Mach](https://github.com/Jin-Mach).

Commit message:

Added screenshot to README and marked the initial project version.

README.md, after:

# Text Editor

![Text Editor Screenshot](src/data/images/texteditor.png)
*Screenshot of the main window of the Text Editor showing text formatting options.*

## Project Description
A simple text editor designed for productive work with basic formatting options.

## Features
- open file, save file, etc
- Basic text formatting
- Undo/Redo
- Text alignment
- Potential future enhancements (email sending, translations, etc.)

## Installation
**Tested only on Windows (IDE: VS Code, PyCharm)**
1. Clone the repository:
    ```
    git clone https://github.com/Jin-Mach/InternetSpeedTest.git
    ```

2. Navigate to the project directory:
    ```
    cd TextEditor
    ```

3. Create a virtual environment:
    ```
    python -m venv .venv
    ```

4. Activate the virtual environment:

   - On Windows (Command Prompt):
     ```
     .venv\Scripts\activate
     ```
   - On Windows (PowerShell):
     ```
     .venv\Scripts\activate.ps1
     ```
   - On macOS/Linux:
     ```
     source .venv/bin/activate
     ```

5. Install the required packages:
    ```
    pip install -r requirements.txt
    ```

## Usage
To run the application, execute the following command:
    ```
    python text_editor.py
    ```

## License
This project is licensed under the MIT License.

## Credits
Icons used in this project are sourced from Icons8.

- Application icon
- Text editing icon
- Undo icon
- Alignment icon
For more icons, visit: (https://icons8.com/).

## Contact
If you have any questions or feedback,
feel free to reach out to me on my GitHub profile: [Jin-Mach](https://github.com/Jin-Mach).
